So we already look out this part, which is basically we created the one controller, part two handling
the controlling part.
Let me do anything.
It includes all these things.
We created one controller to perform the controlling actions, as you can see here.
Listen, for the controlling all the things we created one in the morning, which is handling the JPA
part in the repository.
This is the repository to store the files and everything it's going to create, as you can see here.
This is auto wired things now in the services.
I created one service with the list, which is going to throw in, at least with some get all inclusive
and all the things here.
And this is another method which is implementing this interface as a class system and which is calling
all those things and putting the data here.
And this is my main method, which is going to run and doing everything.
So as you know, this is the stuff I'm going to create, but I haven't mentioned how we can create the
database so that you don't.
Back in part, here, then on, let us see, I created one friend in Bartlesville.
So go to resources here.
As you can see, go to the resources stem and.
Here, Diesel assist in this.
Then go to the time, let's create one folder directory templates and create these three statements,
so I will explain what are these three accumulation plasticine days loaded steaming.
Remember, the loading should be and we will always not save the team live as my oh, assimilating here
with TED employee management system I'm mentioning.
Then this is the style shoot I'm mentioning, which is bootstraps patient with some SHA256 integrity.
You can check online that advice I'm mentioning.
The employee leaves employers list the industrial new in place on current page.
So these are the team leave each.
Are you of things I'm accessing here then?
List of employee's total pages.
Sam Curran page I'm mentioning if your pages exiting well, then this in the new employee.
It's very simple log in form, which saves employers my acting.
Then I'm enjoying this and update employee for the auditing part.
I'm going to create your access.
Julie, as you can see here, this is for the updating part.
So these are the all the things related to how I created the affronting FAQ here.
So you can use these directly and these things are very important to see an employee.
I'm accessing the methods with the object.
So remember the annotations nano symbols, then sometimes starts.
You need to find the hidden part text and controller, and I'm giving the button with some.
This class, which is already default in this stack, but with bootstrap inside and you can check in
with the back of home page by the slash.
So that's it I created.
So let us see how we can create one database here.
So for the database, what you need it, you need it on my school workbench, I'm using my skill.
So it's very important you shouldn't need by my school or otherwise.
You can choose your that you need a local server because I'm accessing the local database only.
So let us see how we can create here.
So let me create one database.
First you create.
Database, so it will give me the database I'm mentioning as employee.
OK, so employees, my database.
Use database, I need to mention it, or you can use directly here, also employed, so I'm accessing
that employee.
Yes.
I'm using that simply, so I'm not exercising again and again, I'm going to deploy it directly.
Oh, I'm not accessing it again and again, so I'm enjoying no create stable.
So.
Really able name as MP.
With this, if you know your skill, you should use this.
Oh, I'd mentioning with Inked.
Not.
None.
Primary mentioning as a primary key, as you can see, primary key.
It means an primary key.
I'm going to mention auto increment, so auto increment for the increment because default.
You know, I need to mention first name here.
And remember, I am putting first name as this.
So if you go to the IDP, Barton, just look out your malting.
Model the employed part here.
So this name and this name, the column name should be similar, so I need to create an indeed Slade.
But remember, this name and condominium should be same.
So for that purpose, I'm mentioning this column name and I'm mentioning as a character.
So let me mention Bearcat here.
And let me mention as Oregon's consisting, so I'm doing this not in alignment, including here.
Not right?
Then again, last name.
We getting.
Let me mention for you what you.
So it's very useful, and I'm not giving the document concerned yet and email I again giving the not
many constraints, so emailing Radican and it's then not null.
So, no, this is if you need to create regarding a school sequel with the creation of a database and
everything on this is administration part and go to the scheme has to choose this file.
So select all this.
And he loved that script of everything.
So it's like an icon.
So in the outputting, you can check on all the outputs are currently creating and all of which are
created, but we can't not see the schemas here.
So just right click here and click Refresh on.
Once you refresh all you can check, you're over it.
It I mean, it's easier and it's showing me the only things I'd email LastName.
It shows me the foreign keys also indexes, so indexes is basically primary key and mentioning so everything
it's created.
So now you're you can close this because we don't required this manuscripts.
So the little about how I'm going to tell you how I'm going to work with this.
Let us move to.
So if you closely look, we created this, OK?
I assume that we already created the database and we are accessing, but we haven't mentioned what existing
I'm giving.
I'm not mentioning the properties here.
So for that purpose, we need one properties part.
So Properties is on the team, but you can say like, oh, accessing and giving that unique database
identities.
So.
Let me go to the application properties here.
These application properties.
And let me mention, so it's not like it's property, so it's very simple.
My sequel database, I'm going to mention first my second database as my ammunition properties in that
I'm mentioning first name.
So now.
Instead, this Deb.
Oh, it's very easy putting.
Not all the tussles and to mention, so we to source.
Not you are.
So these are the default things you need to mention datasource you are in.
Now what do you mean?
What do I glibc again?
The Java database connected only dot or I guess you have to use semicolon.
Yes, single my sequel.
And accessing the sequel due to his.
Then local host.
Because my mind is placed on local host, at least to check for years, link to 06 is the default world
number of my My three three zero six.
And your database name.
So my name is simply, as I told you, you need to mention their datasource to you are first.
Now you need to mention the driver last name.
So it's very easy.
Again.
Spring driver class name.
Wait a minute, I forgot to mention this, OK?
Winning not.
Driver, oh.
The tassels and driver gloves name basically all.
So my school, you need to mention Fiji order to remember this well, you need to always do the CGT,
not your defaulting, then spring again.
Not.
Again, this spring, datasource username you need to check.
So let me put your actual data.
Source?
Don't you?
Username.
Username, so for me, the username is rude.
And spring, not data, so it's not password, basically.
Oh.
Not all this is in my password for my database.
So we created this, but I haven't mentioned the spring property, so you need to mention the Jeep properties
also here.
So.
Hibernate be a robot, but it means you need to mention.
So first properties spring GPA, so.
JP.
So you need to mention the strategy, and every tangential properties don't have a lot of these.
Don't.
I wouldn't it you shouldn't mention, but.
It's magic, whether it's there or not.
OK.
Not to mention the spring hibernate.
I left my school, which is basically my school, by lifting, so.
Spitting, not proper.
These.
New properties, what you need to mention, the data was basically so.
Database, not properties they can do one to.
Database.
If we do it on this platform and it's my it's my sequel, so you need to mention this hibernate.
Then I'm accessing some defaulting Sierra.
So let me tell you what is this team's?
So these things you need to mention in the application properties, this is for the DBA and accessing
the DB part here.
And this is Florida holding in GPA and putting into these things with scale, and it's going to create
a school, truly school and everything you're detail on.
So that said about how we can perform this.
So let us check how I'm going to deploy this.
So deployment is very easy.
Go to this.
It's actually already loaded in on the top here on Zoom, or you can run on this also, but you can
click this stop.
So this is the first time building.
So for the first time building, it will take time to build everything.
You can check your blog also.
So let's check below and let's check how it's going to work.
So it's currently running the end task, and it's going to go for them, so it will take time to build.
The beautiful thing about this, it will not exist, though, not use libraries, it will not be taken
in the part of that.
So as you can see, it's passing the Java, it's creating the model and it's checking the compilation
part and bill is not successful.
No, the thing is in the run part, rent control part.
You can check.
Oh, it will default, flip in the spring here.
Now it will create some good things, and it will check here.
So wait for something to create different things.
So now my program is finished.
I am going to tell you we need to mention some auto factory reset things here.
So.
Let me take one thing here.
OK, so Springwood application buggies and Uber.
Also, we need to display that part also and with the entity managing factor also.
So we we are definitely not going to do that.
So let it go who I'm going to change that part here.
So maybe there is one error with bombed-out example.
That's why it's giving me the.
Sometime dependencies are not involved directly.
So let me move to the bomb similar.
So if you are no.
No, this part or you can check your word.
Let me put here again.
So it will analyze the bar.
It's going into scoping text and everything.
Again, oh, you're going to cure it's currently lunacy, I'm giving you the time to perform these actions.
So as you can see, it's the.
Different different things for usually the PostgreSQL, so I don't need that dependency.
Then this is the springboard the team leave alone, all the things, and I'm sure some are doing OK.
No, no, this.
But on This Morning again.
And let us have a look.
What is the different us or this spring?
You notice I'm getting so bored or decimal will minimize this song.
Stick with it.
It's going to minimize or not.
OK.
I found the error, basically.
So let me stop this bill part, so it's very common error.
You need to give the just distinct to.
Oh, you that look close part, so let me be able to come in.
So remember, this is the URL you can check on that school work binge on if it's giving the error.
Now it will be deployed beautifully, as I told you in the spring, but also it will deploy it directly.
And now the spring is no running spring application.
So wait for some time to move to the spring.
Spring would ignore these errors because my charts what 64 bit and it's difficult to really get out,
but I'm using an analogy Newcastle.
There is maybe sometimes so as you can see myself losing all started.
It's giving the time configuration indexes.
It's creating all these things, that context part.
But we do know you can check here.
Let me show you.
Here also, it's getting all the details with the Web interfaces and all the things before it's loaded
on local AT&T directly.
Now it's currently running and you can take care of all this activity, which always the local or tomcat
is already started on my web server.
So your thing is just to basically go to your browser.
I'm on Chrome.
Apia localhost 80.
And he didn't.
So it for some time, it will lower the bar.
Now this in my employee management system, as I told you then in this, I need to mention first an
employee, I need to add the employee.
So let me mention name as John.
Employee last name is James Sawyer.
Let me mention as odd, so odd, John.
Or not?
John Andrade.
Gmail dot com.
Let me hear the Silverton.
As you can see, I'm going to this park.
So you will ask whether this is indeed on database or not.
So for that purpose, let me show you it's already added in the database.
So for that purpose, I'm going to access my my workbench.
So you can take care of this, but also I need to mention as John.
Not Otto, its name is John Yoo.
OK, so let me change this, John, you.
And update.
You're going to hear it's updating, you can check your delete part also, so first, let us see whether
our data on the database or is just catching from the catch about on part.
So for that purpose, go to your MySchool workbench.
This is my dirty, defaulting connect to local instance, my ability to design my root server.
So it is opening me the loop so low is opening for me.
So be it for some time, so it will check whether my action is going to yes, my action is connected
and you can check your this thing is already stored here already.
So I don't want this part because I already created the database and I don't want to know what I need.
Do I need to select star from?
MP and he's in the minority, so this is my table, so I need to mention and let me execute this.
And, OK, so as in this, you can check here on these ideas already created for.
You can check here.
These are my ID.
You, you, you and you, John, and the regiment is already headed for me.
So let me go to the Cro-Magnon and let me delude this far, so as you can see, there is nothing here.
And let me go to this again.
And let me execute this command line again.
You can check.
There is nothing you saw my dirty fighting season, I'm working and I'm working with the database.
If you want to add it again, just go to your ad employees.
Now I'm going to mention James.
G.
Then G.
James G.
And Andrade, G.M. dot com, I'm going to mention I'm doing the same, so as you can see, I did, and
if I go to the my school workbench again, if I enter it again, so you can.
So let me tell you why putting the two year because it's on auto increments, so it will auto increment
by default.
If you want to do that, it's not default in part, so you need to mention that later.
But due to auto increment you need, you are getting this.
So that said about this project.
So let me give you one overview about this.
What I created is just to let me turn on this.
So I created the application properties you need to mention you are here with the class name.
This I wouldn't even use your username with the password.
No, the properties with these.
So, OK, these things with our nation by through these things, $1.6m also important thing here.
So that's it.
You need to create.
So hope you understand.
And we created this project employs service.
So what are you going to do?
You're going to deploy this employ service with another database using PostgreSQL on you, local.
What's available?
So this is the basic structure.
But while deploying on this, you should remember you need to change this application properties with
username, password, driver and you are also what you need to change.
You need to change.
Oh, pondered external dependencies.
You need to add that dependencies like PostgreSQL dependencies.
So that's available on their documentation, but also hope you understand.
Thank you.